Composable Batch Files (CBF) - Table of Contents

 .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.
::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\:::::
      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--' 

    File  Description
       a  Cd .. and td accelerator.
      ak  Awk.
      an  Validate application name.
     ans  Ansible.
      ap  Application-centric way of running an application with an optional filename parameter
     api  Calling APIs.
     arc  Archive for old batch file functions.
      av  Edit App.vue. Has td parameter.
      ax  Copy the ax DCV to the clipboard.
       b  Shutdown windows.
     b64  Base 64 encoding and decoding.
      ba  Execute a bash file in Windows command prompt.
	    bb  Building block code.
      bi  Execute the Bitbucket DCV for the passed in alias.
      br  Brave browser.
browser-  Defines the behavior of calling browsers.
   actor
      bu  Back up.
     buc  Back up a file in the current folder to the code quick backup folder.
     buq  Quickly back up and restore any registered file.
       c  Clear without modifying the path.
      ca  Go to a folder and clear the screen.
     ccm  Compile CMAC macros.
      cf  Execute the Confluence DCV for the passed in alias.
   cbf-2  Shows more CBF files.
  cbf-el  CBF Error Level Codes.
  cbf-gl  Glossary of terms used in CBF.
  cbf-ov  CBF Overview.
  cbf-sg  CBF Style Guide.
  cbf-tc  This table of contents of CBF batch files.
     cdc  Current directory contains.
      cf  Surf to Confluence.
      cm  CMAC operations.
     clc  Simple calculator.
   chuck  Tell a random Chuck Norris joke.
    coco  Code Compare.
   cocod  Run Code Compare using 2 DCVs.
     col  Shell window colors operations.
  concop  Create a conflict copy report.
      cp  Copy files.
     cpr  Surf to Create Pull Request page.
      cs  File contents search.
      ct  Wrapper around type command.
      cu  Curl leveraging the nicknames dictionary.
       d  Dir.
     dbg  Debugger.
      dc  Double-click a filename, back office operation.
      de  Multipurpose delete batch file.
    defn  Delete a file based on passed in filename alias.
    depc  Delete the path contents of the passed in alias.
    depn  Delete folder corresponding to CBF path alias parameter.
    devu  Demo file for Dev University event on Jan-9-2020.
     dif  Are 2 files the same?
      dk  Docker.
      dn  Dot Net Core (skw dotnet). (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
  dogsay  Talking dog.
      dr  Create and delete directories. (skw mcd, folder)
      dt  Current date copied to clipboard.
     drt  Dir. Has td parameter.
      dw  Run NG UI from a dedicated command line window.
       e  Edit a file based on a file choice algorithm.
      ea  Use Mutli-Edit to edit the Ansible Playbook of an alias.
      ed  Edge browser.
    edcv  Use Multi-Edit to edit DCV ASCII files.
     edr  Edit a relative path constructed filename
     edx  Edit file - back office operation.
      el  Show or clear errorl level.
     env  Open environment dialogue.
     err  Show error graphic with passed in message.
      ex  Run Excel with or without a filename alias parameter.
example-  Prefix for files written by other authors for learning and comparison purposes.
     exi  Exit.
       f  Filename sapien. Use any application to open any file.
      fa  Windows file associations.
      fe  Check for the existence of a file based on the passed in filename alias.
     ffx  Firefox browser.
     fib  Show Fibonacci numbers.
    file  New line at end of file tester.
      fl  For loops using function routing.
      fn  Validate and set a filename value.
      fq  Open file using its fully qualified filename.
      fs  Filenames search.
     fsp  Perennial filenames search.
    ftpr  File type presence in current folder checker.
      fx  Open any file with any application using a DCV.
     fxw  A wrapper around fx.bat.
       g  Git. One of the earliest CBFs.
      gd  Surf to Google Docs website.
      gg  Go. (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
      gh  Execute the GitHub DCV for the passed in alias. (skw calls-fxw-template-series-jj)
     gh2  Execute the GitHub DCV for the passed in alias.
	   ghh  Surf to GitHub Historical record website.
     ghf  Execute the GitHub historical file DCV for the passed in alias.
     glb  Execute the GitLab DCV for the passed in alias.
     god  Edit Go DCV file in VSC.
  google  Google using Brave from the command line. Automatically passes in your command line parameters.
      gr  Grep.
    grad  Gradle.
      gs  Surf to Google Sheets website.
      gu  Angular.
	   gub  Run a utility from the Git User Bin.
       h  Show the help file of a function routed parameter.
    herk  Heroku.
    hist  Doskey /history. Display the previous 50 commands.
      hw  Hello world everyone. Runs all hello world programs together.
     hw1  Hello world. The simplest possible batch file.
     hw2  Echo off, pause and exit.
     hw3  Teaches parameters for accessing help or none, exit/b and displaying help.
     hw4  Hello World batch file that demonstrates the basic function structure behind Composable Batch Files.
     hw5  Demonstrates how to call a function in a different batch file.
       i  Show or clear CBF environment variables.
       j  Simulate a double-click using default precedence operation or a DCV.
     jav  Edit Java DCV file in VSC.
      jb  Surf to the Jenkins Branch website for the passed in alias.
      je  Execute the Jenkins DCV for the passed in alias.
    jefd  Surf to Jenkins non-E. folder wepbage.
      jf  Use Mutli-Edit to edit the Jenkinsfile of an alias.
     jfd  Surf to Jenkins folder wepbage.
      jg  Get a je, jn or jfd variable, in that order.
      ji  Jira DCV operations.
     jmb  Surf to the Jenkins Multibranch website for the passed in alias.
      jp  Surf to Jenkins Pipeline.
     jpg  Leverage DCV.
      jr  Use jar to inspect EAR files.
      js  Edit DCV file in NotePad++ for file type js.
    json  Edit DCV file in NotePad++ for file type json.
      jv  Java. (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
      kl  Kill a process.
      kr  Chrome browser.
       l  Load path onto clipboard.
      ld  Use a DCV to load a cbf variable onto the clipboard.
      le  Leet code tester.
      lf  Load file name or contents onto clipboard.
      lh  Execute the localhost DCV for the passed in alias.
      lj  Override j1.txt with clipboard contents and open the file.
      ll  Wrapper around dir command to help with Linux compatibility.
      lm  Load clipboard multipurpose.
   lower  Convert the passed in parameter to lower case.
      ls  Wrapper around dir command to help with Linux compatibility.
      lu  Display last updated information.
       m  Perform simple miscellaneous tasks using a function routing style.
     mav  Maven.
  mav-eg  Maven example.
      me  Multi-Edit.
     med  Use Multi-Edit to edit DCV files.
  mirror  Attempts to demonstrate how is easy it is to see what commands are running.
      mv  Move files using function routing.
       n  Nicknames path dictionary, a. k. a. the data layer.
      nd  Use Node to compile and run JavaScript files. (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
     net  A wrapper around the netstat command.
     ney  An empty nicknames dictionary, useful for starting over.
      nm  NPM.
      no  Use Notepad to edit a file chosen based on a decision algorithm.
     nod  Use Notepad++ to edit a file chosen based on a decision algorithm.
     not  Show notice graphic with passed in message.
     nox  Use Notepad to edit a batch file in the CBF folder.
      np  Copy the np %cbf-pd% to the clipboard.
     npp  Use Notepad++ and sfn to edit, or view without saving, a file.
    nppd  Use Notepad++ to edit DCV files.
      ns  Nslookup.
      nt  Norton browser.
      nx  NPX.
      of  Open Folder. Has td parameter.
   ofdcv  Open folder using a DCV.
    offn  Open folder where only the filename is known.
     ofp  Transform directory to parent folder.
      op  Openssl.
    opat  Oracle patching.
     orr  Status of officially registered repos.
       p  Synchronize 2 folders, CBF and VDI.
      pa  Fully automatic Git push of a single repository. Has td parameter.
    paco  Parameter contains.
      pc  Run Podcaster.
     pdf  PDF DCV.
      pg  Ping leveraging nicknames dictionary.
      ph  Python. (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
      pi  Pipe a command line statement to a file.
      pj  Edit package.json. Has td parameter.
      pl  Git pull. Has td parameter. For list of git commands, use "g ?".
      pn  Validate a pathname value. Using pn instead of n helps the reader with clarity of intent.
     png  Run cbf-png as a DCV double-click filename.
     ppt  Run PowerPoint.
      pq  Execute the pull requests DCV for the passed in alias.
	    pr  Pull requests DCV.
      ps  PowerShell.
      pt  Show path in a browser window.
	   ptf  Pipe to file.
     ptm  Sets the path using a monogamous CBF variable that sets the path only.
	   ptt  Path test for Bash.
	  purl  Using a DCV, surf to a PIV URL webpage.
       q  Query Google.
       r  Run application using CBF variables, mostly used in back office operations.
    reme  Execute the demo DCV for the passed in alias.
      rf  Remember or recall previous folder.
      rl  Execute the releases DCV for the passed in alias.
      rn  Run localhost application. Has td parameter and fwp awareness.
      ro  Read-only.
     run  Run localhost application. Has td parameter.
          that runs the project.
     rzr  Multi-Edit abstraction layer for running CBF files.
    rzrp  Multi-Edit abstraction layer for running CBF files, with a pause, for debugging.
       s  Check updated git status. Has td parameter.
    sail  Display the success sailor.
     sdv  Set dictionary value.
    senc  Sencha.
     sep  Show separator graphic.
      sf  Surf to websites. A DCV is optional.
      sl  Language functions aggregate runner. (skw supported-languages-series-jj)
     slf  Batch that supports language functions.
     sln  Open a Visual Studio solution. Has td parameter.
      sm  Use Sublime and sfn to edit a file.
     smd  Use Sublime to edit DCV files.
    splu  Splunk DCV.
     src  Says hello from the CBF folder.
      st  Stock checker.
       t  Transform directory.
      td  Call t.bat then d.bat.
     tdb  Back button for transform directory.
     tdc  Transform directory to favorite child folder of alias.
     tdd  Transform to a folder using a DCV.
	   tdh  Transform directory to home folder.
     tdp  Transform directory to parent folder.
     tdr  Transform directory by appending a relative path onto a base path.
      te  Golden image template used for creating new batch files.
      tf  Terraform.
      tk  Taskkill.
      tl  Tasklist.
    touc  Wrapper around Git Touch command, which updates file dates to the current date.
      tr  Tar.
      ts  TypeScript transpiler.
      ty  Modernized type command. Use Microsoft Edge to view a file chosen based on a decision algorithm.
     tyf  Reopen or see search results that have been piped to a file.
     tyi  Use type command to view calculus file in Internet Explorer.
     ujt  Update java timestamp.
      un  Communicates that the intent is only to change the URL for a passed in alias.
     unz  Unzip.
     utc  Convert UTC to EST.
       v  Vetted (Useful for copying-and-pasting).
      va  Surf to a Vault webpage.
      vc  Visual Studio Code. Has td parameter.
      vu  Vue.
      wi  Open the Wikipedia page for the passed in alias.
      wl  Run WebLogic startup commands.
      wo  Run Word with or without a filename alias parameter.
      wp  Use Wordpad and sfn to edit a file.
     wpd  Use Wordpad to edit DCV files.
       w  Unassigned.
       x  Bing shortcut.
     xac  Execute an application alias with a filename in the current folder.
     xaf  Execute an application alias with a filename alias.
     xml  Edit an XML DCV file in VSC.
       y  Using advanced routing, open text files for viewing or editing.
     yml  Edit DCV file in NotePad++ for file type yml.
      yt  Execute the YouTube DCV for the passed in alias.
     zip  Zip.
