
Composable Batch Files (CBF) - Glossary

  .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.
:::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::
       `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--' 

  Term/Abbreviation  Definition/Description
-------------------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  ?  How to search for help in a CBF file.
               /ver  How to get a version number in a CBF file.
                  a  Application, when used in a batch file name
                afn  ASCII filename. For example, j1.txt, j2.asc or Jenkinsfile would be
                     an afn, where poker.xlsx would not be.
                -ag  As a batch file parameter, means run an aggregte, not atomic, func.
 aggregate function  A batch file function which is a collection of calls to other
                     batch file functions. It is called by invoking its batch file 
                     label. It also contains "exit/b',
                     which is the end of the function.
     alias/nickname  A batch file label, a.k.a. a function name, function alias, 
                     alias or nickname.
       alias lookup  Looking up cbf values in the n.bat dictionary.
    atomic function  A single, self-contained batch file function, which usually
                     performs a single task and is called by invoking its batch file 
                     label. It also contains "exit/b', which is the end of the function.
                 /c  As a batch file parameter, means "clear" or force file creation.
                  c  Current folder filename, when used in a batch file name
                cbf  Composable batch files
     cbf definition  The function in n.bat where an alias' defintion is located.
       cbf variable  An environment variable that begins with "cbf-", for example 
                     "cbf-pt", that is used by CBF batch files.
code execution area  Batch file style (bfs) where the router routes execution to near the 
                     end of the file, unless a parameter is supllied, in which case 
                     function routing occurs. Example(s): t.bat, v.bat.
           consumer  Batch file style using function routing with time-stamps as function 
                     names. Used for analysis and showing-your-work, not for repeatability. 
                     By convention, files are suffixed with a "_c".
             custom  Batch file style (bfs) where the structure does not fall into one  
                     of the other batch file styles.
  dynamically cons-  DCV. An environment variable that can be dynamically created at runtime.
  tructed variable   For example, java is the dcv of the expression cbf-java. CBFs that
                     use DCVs should have an "x" in their name.
 entangled variable  A cbf variable associated with a particle batch file, e.g. cbf-pt
                     and td.bat.
         error code  fn.bat returns an error code of 2 for file not exists.
 evaluated filename  Filename, filename alias or batch file prefix for a batch file 
   parameter         that lives in either the CBF or Share-zone folder.
                  f  Filename alias, when used in a batch file name.
                 fn  Filename in the general sense. For example, j1.txt is a filename as 
                     is poker.xlsx.
                 fp  Function purpose.
       multipurpose  Batch file style (bfs) where the batch file contains any number of
                     disparate, atomic functions which are called via a function alias, 
                     a.k.a. function routing. Example(s): g.bat, m.bat.
                 lu  Last updated. The last time the file was updated.
                  p  Path alias, when used in a batch file name
                po_  Prefix which stands for "path only" meaning the a cbf definition only 
                     has 1 variable set, viz. cbf-pt
                rf_  Prefix used to designate that a label has at least one caller.
                rp_  Prefix used to designate that a label is a relative path.
     single purpose  Batch file style where the file tries to achieve a single task or 
                     objective, e. g. td.bat, scpx.bat and usually calls a main.
  single purpose nd  Batch file style which leverages the  nicknames dictionary.
                skw  Search Keyword. Useful for finding things.
       td parameter  Transform Directory passed in as a parameter, meaning to 
                     change folders before running the batch file. For example,
                     running "p cbf" switches to the CBF folder, the alias for 
                     which is assigned in the nicknames dictionary (n.bat), 
                     before running the batch file p.bat. Also known as a path walker alias.
                 th  Test Harness
